Add documentation about Android S splash screens (#6104)
flutter/website: src/docs/development/ui/advanced/splash-screen.md

                .setOnExitAnimationListener(
                    (SplashScreenView splashScreenView) -> {
                        splashScreenView.remove();
                    });
        }

        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);
    }
}
```
{% sample Kotlin %}
<!--code-excerpt "MainActivity.kt" title-->
```kotlin
import android.os.Build
import android.os.Bundle
import androidx.core.view.WindowCompat
import io.flutter.embedding.android.FlutterActivity

class MainActivity : FlutterActivity() {
  override fun onCreate(savedInstanceState: Bundle?) {
    // Aligns the Flutter view vertically with the window.
    WindowCompat.setDecorFitsSystemWindows(getWindow(), false)

    if (Build.VERSION.SDK_INT >= Build.VERSION_CODES.S) {
      // Disable the Android splash screen fade out animation to avoid
      // a flicker before the similar frame is drawn in Flutter.
      splashScreen.setOnExitAnimationListener { splashScreenView -> splashScreenView.remove() }
    }

    super.onCreate(savedInstanceState)
  }
}
```
{% endsamplecode %}

Then, you can reimplement the first frame in Flutter that shows elements of your
Android splash screen in the same positions on screen.

> [Android Splash Screens]: https://developer.android.com/about/versions/12/features/splash-screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Android Splash Screens]: {{site.android-dev}}/about/versions/12/features/splash-screen
```

The Android app now displays the desired launch screen
while the app initializes.

### Android S

See [Android Splash Screens][] first on how to configure your splash screen on
Android S.

Make sure neither `io.flutter.embedding.android.SplashScreenDrawable` is set in
your manifest, nor is `provideSplashScreen` implemented. Doing so will cause
the Android splash screen to fade smoothly into the Flutter when the app is
launched.

> 

Reviewer 2: Could indicate that `io.flutter.embedding.android.SplashScreenDrawable` is deprecated?  

I could add some logging to the embedding to notify that `io.flutter.embedding.android.SplashScreenDrawable` is deprecated.

Author: Done. Thanks for taking that, and we probably want to tag `provideSplashScreen` with `@Deprecated` too

Some apps may want to continue showing the last frame of the Android splash

> screen in Flutter, to preserve the illusion of a single frame to users while

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
screen in Flutter. For example, apps may want to preserve the illusion of a single frame while
```

additional loading continues in Dart. To achieve this, the following Android
APIs may be helpful:

```java
import android.os.Build;
import android.window.SplashScreenView;
import androidx.core.view.WindowCompat;

> public class MyFlutterActivity extends FlutterActivity {

Reviewer 2: nit: import `FlutterActivity`

    @Override
    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstance) {
        // ...

        // Aligns the Flutter view vertically with the window.
        WindowCompat.setDecorFitsSystemWindows(getWindow(), false);

        if (Build.VERSION.SDK_INT >= Build.VERSION_CODES.S) {
            // Disable the Android splash screen fade out animation to avoid
            // a flicker before the similar frame is drawn in Flutter.
            getSplashScreen()
                .setOnExitAnimationListener(
                    (SplashScreenView splashScreenView) -> {
                        splashScreenView.remove();
                    });
        }
    }
}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Also, this needs changes to AndroidManifest.xml

Author: Are you referring to how users should not be using `io.flutter.embedding.android.SplashScreenDrawable` here? I don't think we need to mention it here, since this section is more for how to do the alignment of the logo

Reviewer 2: I was referring to modifying`<activity>` tag

Then, you can reimplement the first frame in Flutter that shows elements of your
Android splash screen in the same positions on screen.

### The Flutter splash screen

{{site.alert.note}}
  Since Flutter 2.5, providing a custom splash screen in this section is no
  longer required. The Flutter Android embedding automatically keeps what is
  defined in the launch theme (such as `android:windowBackground`) on screen,
  until Flutter is ready with a smooth transition.
{{site.alert.end}}

> 

Reviewer 2: +1. I support removing this section since it makes things confusing, and it's not very helpful now that there's a new better solution.

> 

Author: Removed!
